.\" Mathics: a general-purpose computer algebra system
.\" Copyright (C) 2011 Jan Pöschko
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.de Vb \" (V)erbatim (b)egin.  Use fixed width font and no justification
.ft CW
.nf
..
.de Ve \" (V)erbatim (e)nd.  Return to regular font and justification
.ft R
.fi
..
.\" --------------------------------------------------------------------
.TH MATHICSERVER 1 "11 August 2012" "Mathics"
.SH NAME
mathics \- A general-purpose computer algebra system.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBmathicsserver [\fB-p port\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Runs a mathics server instance on a specified port. See mathics(1) for
details.
.SH DOCUMENTATION
The primary documentation for Mathics is a PDF document that should have
come with your installation. If not, documentation can be found online 
at <http://www.mathics.org>.
.SH SUPPORT
If you need help with Mathics try asking on either the mathics IRC 
channel ('mathics ' on Freenode), or the mathics-users google groups
page <mathic-users_URL>. Please be respectful and remember that unlike 
commercial software, no one is being paid to help you.
.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs you find by opening an issue on the mathics 
github page <http://www.github.com/poeschko/mathics/issues>.
.SH AUTHOR
Jan Pöschko <jan@poeschko.com>
